.\" Manpage for ftp.
.\" Contact jacob_f@epitech.eu .in to correct errors or typos.

.TH man 1  " 2015" "1.1" "ftp man page   Success the Moulinette of the 22 march 2015"

.SH NAME
myftp \- A basic server and a basic client of a File Transfert Protocol.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB./client \fR [\fIhost\fR] [\fIport\fR]
\fB./serveur \fR [\fIport\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBserver \fR is a programm that handle some differents connections and send or received file and can remove file heberged on server
.TP
\fBclient \fR is the client of the application.
\fWhen a user log to the server. The server creat or open a repository wish stor some files that the user on the client can send then received.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-get NAME_FILE\fR \fB\fR
Get a file wich is on the server to the client.
.TP
\fB\-put NAME_FILE\fR \fB\fR
Put a file wich is on client to the server.
.TP
\fB\-mput NAME_FILE1 ... NAME_FILE2 \fR \fB\fR
Put all files passed in argument wich is on client to the server.
.TP
\fB\-mget NAME_FILE1 ... NAME_FILE2 \fR \fB\fR
Get all files passed in argument from the server to the client.
.TP
\fB\-ls\fR \fB\fR
List the repertory where is the client is on the server
.TP
\fB\-pwd\fR \fB\fR
Request the server to have the path where is the client.
.TP
\fB\-quit\fR \fB\fR
Quit the connection with the server and leave the programm.
.TP
\fB\-lls\fR \fB\fR
List the client's local repository.
.TP
\fB\-lpwd\fR \fB\fR
Print the client's local repository.
.TP
\fB\-rm FILE_NAME\fR \fB\fR
Remove the file [FILE_NAME] on the server.
.TP
\fB\-lrm\fR FILE_NAME\fB\fR
Remove the local file [FILE_NAME].
.TP
\fB\-rmdir REPOSITORY_NAME\fR \fB\fR
Remove the repository [REPOSITORY_NAME] on the server.
.TP
\fB\-lrmdir\fR FILE_NAME\fB\fR
Remove the local repositoty [REPOSITORY_NAME].
.TP
\fB\-sys\fR \fB\fR
Request the server to have informations about his system.
.TP
\fB\-lsys\fR \fB\fR
print the informations about the client system.
.TP
\fB\-clear\fR \fB\fR
Clear the screen of the client
.TP
.TP
.SH SEE ALSO
No related manpage.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
No known bugs.
.br
Report bugs to felix.jacob@epitech.eu
.SH AUTHOR
jacob_f
